if you guys are looking for some fast
cheap and reliable coins go check out by
cheap fifa coins calm and use discount
code Curtis for five percent off the
cheapest and most reliable place around
what's up guys Curtis here and welcome
to a brand-new Southampton career mode
episode now flow yes I can't I want to
say a couple quick things firstly there
may be face cam on this video I'm not
entirely sure i'm currently recording
this at five minutes to five in the
morning i'm super tired but I want to
start doing more face cam videos there
may be face cam on this I'm not exactly
sure how it will turn up so I am going
to say as well if we get four hundred
likes this career mode episode guys that
be sensational the support you've been
shown recently has been amazing we've
been hitting like 400 500 likes we've
been getting like five to eight thousand
views this career mode has gone so well
so I'm so proud of that and I'm really
happy with what you guys are doing so we
have a game here at home to QPR pretty
much the usual line up we've got
Bertrand at right-back due to some
injuries mid feel free of ward-prowse
cook and Schneiderlin collection cam
long and sheikh ali up front so we are
late she's just going to jump straight
into it and some of you guys have been
saying I didn't update the squad's I did
update them but right at the start of
FIFA I started recording it in the early
release and they didn't have the
deadline day transfers done and some of
like the later ones so remy is still at
QPR in this case as a few Southampton
players still at Southampton that should
have moved on and stuff but as you see
here very very early on 10 minutes into
the game Shekau he gives us the lead
absolutely brilliant gold just what we
needed and excuse me a nice a nice early
lead 10 minutes in and I went to keep
improving on it was koo pure I felt like
it was a game we could do really well in
and the ball drops to Bertrand on the
edge of the box and this was a goal that
I was just really happy about it was
such a non-fifa goal in the way it went
in it seems so realistic and as I was I
was still like this was still early
release time I was so happy about it I
just I love the replay of the way he
like outside of the foot sit I don't
know it just looks so good it was sank
about a look really cool and it didn't
seem like fifa tamiya it really felt
realistic so that was pretty awesome but
26-minute here they get a really decent
chance Vargas picks up the ball he
squares it back to fair who Oh basically
finesses it straight at my goalie oh my
golly just like crumbles just got there
it's a straight part of an idea what he
was doing and then the 78th minute I
seem completely incapable of actually
my lines and we're bouncing a ball all
over the place I mean it gets here I'm
clearing it out it's bouncing to other
players it literally it's going all over
the place and finally to to end their
move we actually give away a free kick
because what I'm just not doing anything
to to sort it out whatsoever but they
have this free kick here right on the
edge of the box who that they're like
dummy and jumping all over the place and
if force is 0 really really quite decent
safe from forrester who luckily managed
to get on the second ball if someone had
been running in quick it could have been
a lot worse but they try the same thing
again almost identical but from a
slightly different position and once get
an amazing save their from Fraser
Forster to get down so low and to stop
it and that was actually how the game
ended those two free-kicks could have
gone horribly wrong for us but we had a
2-1 win with eight shots six on target
an ice jam packed game issue I don't
normally have quite as much action but
we were one hundred percent take the
free points I would have liked a more
comfortable win at home to keep your but
nonetheless it's a big free points that
will be very happy about so we're about
to go into our next game here against
Tottenham and i want to say guys I'm
trying to pick up the pace a bit more in
these videos I want to do a bit more
than free games or per episode stuff but
as you see here I've changed up
completely I wanted to try something
completely new and I don't feel I gave
that enough time there but I've gone for
a for free freight we have Shekau a lone
striker I've got Rodriguez on the left
and Gnabry on the right and I'm really
really mix it up see if it can be any
different but 45 minute here on the
stroke of half-time we're passing the
ball around quite easily and ocean
idling gets really lucky and actually
gets pulled down for a pen here he
really had no need to do that at all I
was Ted achieving a fortune idling was
brought down but yeah they had no need
to bring him down there whatsoever but
talent steps up for the pen and right on
the stroke of half-time buries it into
the top left hand corner and gives us
the one no lead absolutely massive
against Tottenham but as seems to be the
case at the moment we don't seem to
better hold on to a lead so we'll see in
this second half now if we actually can
and it's something I would really like
to be able to do is something I really
seemed to be struggling move on doing
some silly defending and as you see here
Danny Rose pics on the ball squares it
to Soldado in the 48th minute and we're
going from being whandall up to 11 and
it's so frustrating because so many
games on taking an early lead and then
it gets worse I do something so dumb I
normally do this to start every game
but for some reason I i accidentally
didn't not start every game start every
move from a dropkick and some reason I'd
impressed lb when I when I went to do
the lb and why over the top and I gave
it straight to them and gave them the
easiest goal ever and we came close here
in in the in the 94th minute with from
this corner it seemed really cool it's
something new to the to this game
normally when you put your goalie in the
box if you're not controlling him he
won't actually do anything but as you'll
see from this replay here even though I
wasn't controlling him he did an amazing
leap there and if it had it not been for
for the player on the line that would
have been an absolutely sensational gold
would have been so cool to get an
equalizer like that but we lost 2-1 to
to Roberto Soldado goes very very
frustrating considering I think we kind
of actually outplayed them but we have
one last game here now against a sandal
and anil call themself hunt and then
really confuse me but this is the lineup
we are going for we have the usual back
for casco best song balanta Bertrand
then we have Thai during midfielder
decide to bring him in for this game
cook schneiderlin and then the usual
front free of tadich long and she cowie
so as you'll see two minutes into this
game we have a fantastic start long
burst through and zigzags around the
whole defense but the goalie pulls off a
of an amazing safe to keep ourselves so
early but then in the fifth minute we
are danced around the box with Jack cork
but as you see in the middle chica we is
actually down on the floor and it is
just as bad as I feared it would be he
is actually out and you'll see at the
end of this video he's actually out for
free months so an absolute nightmare for
us not what we wanted at all but it
could be a great chance for jury gets to
prove himself I think he's suited to
play in that strike a role but they did
actually just a scrape one white there
Sunderland did and that was it for
action for quite some time but then the
42nd minute long comes in and he squares
it back to Rodriguez who had just come
on to make pretty much like his first
like full game really as striker and he
made a great impact 42nd minute giving
us the lead but amazing bit of defensive
play here you would have seen Iran a
player back behind the goalie and he
pulled off an unbelievable block but
we're we're into the second half in our
53rd minute Shane Long picks up the ball
goes for a finesse but the goalie once
again keeps out finishes just didn't
seem to be working for quite some time
and then around the 55th minute they had
a really decent chance to pull another
one back there but they just couldn't
there's still one nil down but we're
going into the 85th minute I was
absolutely petrified I didn't want to
lose yet another lead that I'd worked on
but you know what I'm like they they
squared it back to jackery knee and he
put it into the back of the net was so
so frustrating because the stats didn't
show it but I really did feel like I had
a bit more of a grip on that game they
usually did but once again a great early
lead was wasted but as you see on the
screen here check how he has those free
months out and that is pretty much it so
I hope you guys did enjoy this episode
of career mode you keep shouting for it
to be longer so he go guys you have one
that's about seven and a half minutes so
I hope you guys did enjoy it leave a
like if you did subscribe to this
channel if your neurons here have a nice
day guys I'll see you next time bye bye